Please scroll down through the instructions:

You are about to start the practice block for the experiment.
If you have questions about the instructions at any time,
please ask the researcher.

The experiment is divided into several blocks.
Each block is divided into thre different phases: 
-STUDY PHASE
-MATH PHASE
-TEST PHASE.
There is a small break following the math phase,
and you may start study and test phases whenever you are ready.


STUDY PHASE INSTRUCTIONS
During each study phase you will sequentially be presented with 45 pairs of words.
One word will be displayed on top,
the other will be displayed on the bottom.

The goal of the experiment is for you to remember that 
these words were presented together.
To better achieve this goal you should imagine these words
in an interaction between them.

For example if the words are:
"DOG"
"HOUSE"
you could imagine a dog inside a doghouse.

In the controller there are buttons "T" for TOP, and "B" for BOTTOM.
While the pair of words are being displayed,
you should pick the word that is subdominant in the interaction,
i.e. the one that is encapsulated by the other.

Using the above example, since a dog would go into a house, 
you would press "T" for TOP.


MATH PHASE INSTRUCTIONS
Simple arithmetic math problems will be displayed on screen.
Using the keyboard instead of the controller, you should press
"T" for TRUE and "F" for FALSE based on whether the answer being
displayed is correct. Answer as many of these math problems as you can.


TEST PHASE INSTRUCTIONS
Similarly to the study phase you will be presented with 60 pairs of words.
45 of these pairs will come from the study phase, 15 will be NEW.
Nevertheless, 15 of the pairs of words from the study phase will have
their top words swapped between them, i.e. they will be REARRANGED.
The other 30 pairs will remain exactly the SAME they were in the study phase.

The controller has buttons "N" for NEW, "S" for SAME, and "R" for REARRANGED.
Your goal in the test phase is to identify the correct category for each pair.
While the pairs of words are being presented, you should press the button that
corresponds to the category of the pair.

Using the above example, if in the test phase you see:
"DOG"
"HOUSE"
You should press "S" because that pair remained the SAME.

If instead you see:
"DOG"
"PARK"
You should press "R" because you saw the word "DOG",
but remember that "DOG" was paired with "HOUSE", so 
the pair of words must have been REARRANGED.

If you see:
"ELF"
"SWEATER"
You should press "N" because this pair of words hadn't
been seen before, so it must be NEW.

You may only press the buttons while the pairs of words are being displayed.
Please make your best effort in not making guesses.

If you have any questions, please ask before you begin.

Press the SPACEBAR to continue when ready.