Please scroll down through the instructions:

This experiment consists of several experiment blocks.
Each block consists of three different phases:
- STUDY PHASE
- MATH PHASE
- TEST PHASE
There is a small break following the math phase,
and you may start study and test phases whenever you are ready.

STUDY PHASE INSTRUCTIONS
In the study phase several sequences of images will be displayed.
Sequence structure:
EMOJI -> BLANK -> CELEBRITY FACE

All emoji and celebrity images have the same duration of display.
The blank image duration may be one of two: short or long.
Your goal is to remember which celebrity image and which time duration
were associated to an emoji.

The controller has buttons "L" for LEFT and "R" for RIGHT.
On screen the labels "ORGANIC" or "INORGANIC" will appear left or right.
For each sequence you should press the key that corresponds to the category
of the emoji.
i.e. if the EMOJI is something that is alive or you could eat, and the 
label ORGANIC appears left on screen, you should press "L" for LEFT.
if the EMOJI is not alive or is a tool you could use, and the label
INORGANIC appears right on screen, you should press "R" for RIGHT.

Pay attention, since either label could be left or right on screen.
This would remain the same throughout the experiment.

You may only press the button with your answer 
when the labels appear on screen.


MATH PHASE INSTRUCTIONS
Simple arithmetic math problems will be displayed on screen.
Using the keyboard instead of the controller, you should press
"T" for TRUE and "F" for FALSE based on whether the answer being
displayed is correct. Answer as many of these math problems as you can.


TEST PHASE INSTRUCTIONS
Similarly to the study phase, you will be presented with several
sequences. This time the goal will be to remember whether the blank
image duration following the emoji was the same or different as it
was during the study phase. After this, you will also have to choose
whether the celebrity image displayed with the emoji was the same
or different as it was during the study phase. 
Both could be the same, both could be different, or only one of
either may have changed.

The labels "SAME" and "DIFFERENT" will appear left or right on screen.
On top of the screen you will see labels for INTERVAL and FACE.
When the labels appear you should press "L" for LEFT or "R" for RIGHT
indicating your answer on the time interval. After a few seconds,
the labels will appear again and you should press the button with
your answer on the celebrity face.

Pay attention, since either label could be left or right on screen.
This would remain the same throughout the experiment.

You may only press the button with your answer 
when the labels appear on screen.

If you have any questions, please ask the researcher now.

*** Press any key to see a visual representation of the instructions. ***

